OK so let's do a bit of cleanup work so let's delete these.
So we will delete all Geass files and all map files.
We will only leave the TS for the files with a ts ts extension.
So we're going to go ahead and do.
No we will go.
This one this one this one and this one.
Then we're going to go ahead and say delete.
Are you sure.
Yes I am absolutely sure.
And then we're going to delete main and you're wondering how away Dermond What are you doing why are
you deleting the main didn't you just say that that's like the bulk of our ad that that's the main thing.
Well yes but we have main TS where everything pretty much from here is basically what we need.
Our main file that will be named dot is this one we can remove for the time being.
So main Geass main is that map and I believe that's it.
So just go ahead and delete.
Yes.
Once again I am certain and thank you Windows for that awesome sound that you make.
So this one shall remain this one shall remain and this one shall remain.
So let's just go I just want to explain these two.
And then we can basically go ahead and move on.
So we have app component out TS and main tier.
So this one at EPK and put it out.
Yes and desuetude.
So these are the two that I really want to explain.
We can go ahead and begin with the main TS and some sort of a logical order if you will.
So this is where we start our application we will import the bootstrap function and our app component
basically right here by calling bootstrap app component.
We actually basically we actually start our application why use bootstrap function.
That's because bootstrapping is pretty much platform specific.
Maybe we could use something maybe we could use angular to with something else like Apache Cordova or
ironic to run applications on mobile devices.
Or we could simply run Aguillard to any servers so we can pre-rendered the first pages that the user
loads.
This is not relevant for the time being bootstrapping Izzi and basically a platform specific.
So we need the one for Angella so angular has its own bootstrapping thing and we are importing it in
this fashion along with importing the app components Rusev bootstrap app component here.
This is the this is a call and this is an import.
So keep that in mind.
So we are calling it here we are calling it here and here we are importing the necessary elements.
Now in the app component here you are going to see some very familiar things.
So here we create the app component class with export.
We declare that this class can be imported to other files and be used.
So in a bit of a counterintuitive fashion I shall begin explaining it from bottom.
It says here export Class AB component and because it is stated that this export class as well because
we have the keyword export in front of a class that simply means that this class can be used but can
be used in other files as well without without export.
We wouldn't be able to actually do that.
Well not in the way we would want to anyway.
So we think we also declared this class as a component.
We will talk about components more in the next chapters.
Now what is familiar to you is this my app so you have seen this in HD m-L.
Let me just scroll down ah got indexation.
There we go.
So there it is.
It says my app and it says my appere.
Coincidence.
No this is intentional.
So basically the selector for this component is my app same as the tag of an element in DML selector
declares the name of the tag where and ular will make a component so angler will place the contents
from the template inside my app tags.
Basically
this but we didn't basically include this file anywhere.
Let's see how that actually works.
So you see it says here template and it says we have HD tags.
Basically each one and then it says my first angular to app here and then it says the selector is my
app.
So this is in regard to this part here.
The first thing that you're going to see is loading.
And once this is done that from the template template shall be loaded in between these tags here and
you will basically see on the screen.
My first to my first angular to app.
Let's go ahead and do that.
Go into the QuickStart master folder and type in and p m start and just wait for it to back relax and
wait.
He can sing a song at the time like a whistle or do whatever you want.
And there we go it says loading right there's loading and soon enough it's going to say my first Eric.
My first angler two apps are what has happened.
You have the tag æsir.
I kept my app and the first thing that's being displayed is loading dot dot dot.
Then we come to this bar here.
It says selector.
OK.
My app look for it in ADHD M-O code find it OK.
It's right here.
And then insert in between the tags.
This distend play basically my for's angular to app simple as that.
Now we will of course increase the complexity of this exponentially as we move along with our app as
we move along and progressed with our application.
But these are the basics of the basics.
So going to bid you farewell here and we shall see each other hopefully in the follow up tutorial.